Research project under Dr. David B Massey undertaken jointly with Hunter Sarnelli. Aiming to disprove the Bobadilla conjecture using the invariant defined within A New Conjecture, A New Invariant, and a New Non-Splitting Result

This program is a CLI application, requiring an installation of Sage MATH that includes Singular. It can be run inside of a Sage MATH terminal interface. Once pasted into the terminal, the various functions can be run, most importantly start(), which allows the user to input parameters for random generation and then testing, testOne('string'), which can test a single polynomial, inputted as a string, and jumpstart() which simply tests parameters preset in the code (largely for development purposes), but which can be used to quickly see the program in action. The program returns polynomials and their lê numbers, which can be used to calculate two thirds of a polynomial's beta invariant. The final piece, the general milnor number, is only experimental and has not yet been fully implemented.

This project has the goal of generating a polynomial with a beta invariant less than 4. The samples that are being used toward this goal come from pseudo-random Python Mersenne Twister-based generation, re-seeded each generation. The generation code uses a very simple Markov chain, which hopefully will be expanded as the parallelization of the program grants access to higher-dimension polynomials and more interesting possibilities.

This work amount to the discovery of an infinite family of polynomials with a negative Le differential. The work of finding a polynomial with a Beta invariant of 3 or less has been put on indefinite hold due to complexities arising from the complex Hilbert space.
